- World is divided into 3 levels: Heaven, Purgatory, Hell.
- Besides some thematic similarities, the three layers do not serve the same purpose as those in the real world. They're more of an interplanar class system.
- The world is kind of in a perpetual 1920s like state.

<b>Heaven</b>
 Heaven is where everyone strives to be, or at least wishes they were. Virtually the upper class of this world. Insects that are born to heaven or aerial insects. Think moths, butterflies, dragonflies, etc.
 Heaven has a very peculiar caste system in and of itself. Though rare, you can be apart of a different group regardless of species.
 - Swarming and flying pest insects like flies serve as archangels, those who are sent down to the lower levels to deliver messages or divine punishments.
 - Moths and butterflies typically serve as psychopomps, morticians, and the like. They are in charge of the movement of souls and funerary rites.
 - Praying mantises serve the special purpose of surgeons and healers.
 - Dragonflies and the like typically serve in political positions of power. Seraphim.
Heaven is known to be exceptionally lavish, yet uncannily clean. The culture there is rather stiff. Affection isn't given freely, and the culture around things like romance and marriage is exceptionally rigid. However most seem to enjoy this kind of thing, especially those up at the top. Their architecture and fashion styles lean more into the late Victorian era.
While living in Heaven is seen as the ultimate goal of most, Heaven in recent years has been an exceptionally dark place. A plague-like corruption that turns the body to ink from the inside out is sweeping the holy dimension, infecting both its inhabitants and their food supplies.

<b>Hell</b>
Hell is a rather tumultuous place to live. The bottom of the barrel. No one wants to go here. Or so most say. It's a bit of a lawless wasteland, anything goes, but once you make yourself familiar with how hell works its not too bad. Rife with crime and savagery, yes, but in a place without the jurisdiction of Heaven constantly breathing down your neck you're also more likely to have a night of fun and indulgence.
Hell is full of slums and backstreets and places where general depravity occur. But it also has an intense and bustling nightlife. Bars, lounges, clubs, casinos, theatres. Hell also has an exceptionally high value for art.
Terrestrial bugs are mostly born from hell. Spiders, centipedes, burrowing insects. There's no hierarchy of species in hell, though ants are specifically born into Hell's military system. 

<b>Purgatory</b>
Purgatory is. Normal? There's not much to say about it. It's quieter than Hell and Heaven. It serves as a melting ground between the two cultures. The only difference is that Purgatory is legally under the jurisdiction of Heaven, meaning there <i>are</i> laws to abide by. Being in Purgatory means you are able to be judged by the heavenly councils, and at any point you may be brought up to the heavenly ranks, or cast down to the depraved pits of Hell.