<h4>Purgatory, as it Exists.</h4>
<p>The Purgatorial Plane (or Purgatory) is one massive, sprawling city. Much like real life's metropolises, Purgatory has a gradient when it comes to quality of life. The closer you get to the City's center, the harder life becomes. Almost as if the City's heart is a dark and desolate pit that has ceased beating. It is rumored that if you get to close enough to the City's epicenter, you can fall straight into the pits of Hell.
<p>Meanwhile, the fringes are where the veil between Purgatory and Heaven are said to be the thinnest. The outer rings are filled with those living in luxury. Stylish apartments and townhomes, suave lounges and restaurants, an air of liveliness that is just missing from the City's center.
<p>And in between all this lies everything in between. From bourgeoise, to the upper-middle class, all the way down to those who are deprived of basic needs because they can't keep up with the growing demands of the City.

<h5>Sidenote: Currency</h5>
Purgatory itself has a unique currency, mandated and controlled by Heaven, called Horus. To most, Horus is just a metal coin that can be exchanged for goods and services. However Horus serves a deeper purpose, which is why Heaven is always demanding offerings of Horus en masse. Horus is made of metals only found on the Purgatorial plane, and has strange properties that, if wielding correctly and used in large quantities, can grant the owner reality-bending abilities.

<h4>Life in Purgatory.</h4>
<p>Life in Purgatory is rather varied, and very much depends on your social standing. Your social standing then determines what exactly and how much you have to give in sacrifice to fulfil Heaven's needs and demands.
<p>Most of those who live on the fringes of the City are wealthy business owners, nobles, and celebrities. Either that, or they're apart of the most devoted megachurches that have been particularly lucky in drawing the affection of Heaven's sponsorships. These citizens are seen as upstanding and faithful, and therefor Heaven requires little of them. They are the shining stars and posterchildren of the City, what more could Heaven ask for? Therefor, Heaven is able to trust Purgatory's cream of the crop with large amounts of Horus without much concern.
<p>Going further down the gradient, you can find white collar workers who are still somewhat well off, but have to put in a little more elbow grease. Heaven usually requires a small tax from their paychecks.
<p>You kind of get the idea at this point. The further you go, the less Heaven trusts you with Horus. Once you get to the lower classes of Purgatory, things get rather dismal rather quick. Droves of people being forced to work unsafe and filthy jobs, paid a pittance just to have extremely demanding taxes placed on them. Purgatory's nobles, and citizen's of Heaven, will tell you that it's because these people don't work hard enough, or have commit some heinous deeds in their lives, or were simply born to a bad family, and therefor they don't deserve the luxury of having a large amount of Horus.
<p>Because of this, the center of the City is somewhat lawless. People fighting tooth and nail to climb an impossibly high ladder. Only for lower class citizens to be urged on by their faith to continue their fabricated conflicts with one another.

<h4>The Laws of the Land.</h4>
There are many rules in place for the cultures of this world. Heaven and Purgatory have more rigid and formal laws, while Hell's rules are made based off of culture and the whims of those who are most powerful.

Of the three, Purgatory is kept under the tightest regulations. Too many to really list. Heaven, having a tight grasp on Purgatory, likes to add on and toss out laws as they see fit. There are a few that always seem to stick, however.
1. You must not eat meat. In a world where the only animal that exists is other bugs, this means you may not cannibalize. Those who rank high enough in Heaven may eat meat, as it is seen as a holy act. Hell, with no jurisdiction over what you can do, has a thriving meat trade because no one can tell them NOT to.
2. You must not perform medicine. Only those from Heaven are permit to practice the trade.
3. You must not interact with those from other planes, unless you are present in their dominion. This means if you are currently on the Purgatorial Plane, and say, someone from Heaven tries to speak with you, you must simply ignore them. Pretend they don't exist.
4. Curfews exist.
Beyond this the laws get rather muddy. The inability to practice medicine sometimes means certain acts like cutting the flesh are deemed illegal. Sometimes the curfew will change without explanation. It's often hard to keep up with them, almost as if those from Heaven are seeking to let you fall into a trap and punish you on purpose.
Punishments range from light to severe. You can get a slap on the wrist or some simple jail time, or you can be cast down to the pits of hell, or you can be simply executed for your grievances. Breaking the big four rules above usually gets you executed.

